when Joseph fell on his father's face
when Joseph fell on his father's face and wept over him and kissed him and
Joseph commanded his servants the
Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father so the
physicians to embalm his father so the
physicians to embalm his father so the physicians embalmed Israel forty days
physicians embalmed Israel forty days
physicians embalmed Israel forty days were required for him for such other
were required for him for such other
were required for him for such other days required for those who are involved
days required for those who are involved
days required for those who are involved and the Egyptians mourned for him
and the Egyptians mourned for him
and the Egyptians mourned for him seventy days now when the days of his
seventy days now when the days of his
seventy days now when the days of his mourning were passed Joseph spoke to the
mourning were passed Joseph spoke to the
mourning were passed Joseph spoke to the household of Pharaoh if now I have found
household of Pharaoh if now I have found
household of Pharaoh if now I have found favor in your eyes please speak in the
favor in your eyes please speak in the
favor in your eyes please speak in the hearing of Pharaoh saying my father made
hearing of Pharaoh saying my father made
hearing of Pharaoh saying my father made me swear saying behold I am dying in my
me swear saying behold I am dying in my
me swear saying behold I am dying in my grave which I dug for myself in the land
grave which I dug for myself in the land
grave which I dug for myself in the land of Canaan there you shall bury me now
of Canaan there you shall bury me now
of Canaan there you shall bury me now therefore please let me go up and bury
therefore please let me go up and bury
therefore please let me go up and bury my father and I will come back
my father and I will come back
my father and I will come back and Pharaoh said and go up and bear your
and Pharaoh said and go up and bear your
and Pharaoh said and go up and bear your father as he made you swear so Joseph
father as he made you swear so Joseph
father as he made you swear so Joseph went up to bury his father and with him
went up to bury his father and with him
went up to bury his father and with him went up all the servants of Pharaoh the
went up all the servants of Pharaoh the
went up all the servants of Pharaoh the elders of his house and all the elders
elders of his house and all the elders
elders of his house and all the elders of the land of Egypt as well as all the
of the land of Egypt as well as all the
of the land of Egypt as well as all the house of Joseph his brothers and his
house of Joseph his brothers and his
house of Joseph his brothers and his father's house only their little ones
father's house only their little ones
father's house only their little ones their flocks and their herds they left
their flocks and their herds they left
their flocks and their herds they left in the land of Goshen
there went up with him with chariots and
there went up with him with chariots and horsemen and it was a very great
horsemen and it was a very great
horsemen and it was a very great gathering then they came to the
gathering then they came to the
gathering then they came to the threshing floor of a town which is
threshing floor of a town which is
threshing floor of a town which is beyond the Jordan and they mourn there
beyond the Jordan and they mourn there
beyond the Jordan and they mourn there with a great and very solemn lamentation
with a great and very solemn lamentation
with a great and very solemn lamentation he observed seven days of mourning for
he observed seven days of mourning for
he observed seven days of mourning for his farm and when the inhabitants of the
his farm and when the inhabitants of the
his farm and when the inhabitants of the land
land
land the Canaanites saw the morning of a
the Canaanites saw the morning of a
the Canaanites saw the morning of a threshing floor of atad
threshing floor of atad
threshing floor of atad they said this is a deep mourning of the
they said this is a deep mourning of the
they said this is a deep mourning of the Egyptians therefore its name was called
Egyptians therefore its name was called
Egyptians therefore its name was called Abel miss rayon which is beyond the
Abel miss rayon which is beyond the
Abel miss rayon which is beyond the Jordan
Jordan
Jordan so his sons did for him just as he had
so his sons did for him just as he had
so his sons did for him just as he had commanded them for his sons carried him
commanded them for his sons carried him
commanded them for his sons carried him to the land of Canaan and buried him in
to the land of Canaan and buried him in
to the land of Canaan and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah
the cave of the field of Machpelah
the cave of the field of Machpelah before memory which Abraham bought with
before memory which Abraham bought with
before memory which Abraham bought with the field from Ephraim the hid act as
the field from Ephraim the hid act as
the field from Ephraim the hid act as property for a burial place
and after he had buried his father
and after he had buried his father Joseph returned to Egypt he and his
Joseph returned to Egypt he and his
Joseph returned to Egypt he and his brothers and all who went up with him to
brothers and all who went up with him to
brothers and all who went up with him to bury his father when Joseph's brothers
bury his father when Joseph's brothers
bury his father when Joseph's brothers saw that their father was dead
saw that their father was dead
saw that their father was dead they said perhaps Joseph will hate us
they said perhaps Joseph will hate us
they said perhaps Joseph will hate us and may actually repay us for all the
and may actually repay us for all the
and may actually repay us for all the evil which we did to him so they sent
evil which we did to him so they sent
evil which we did to him so they sent messengers to Joseph before your father
messengers to Joseph before your father
messengers to Joseph before your father died he commanded saying thus you shall
died he commanded saying thus you shall
died he commanded saying thus you shall say to Joseph I beg you please forgive
say to Joseph I beg you please forgive
say to Joseph I beg you please forgive the trespass of your brothers and their
the trespass of your brothers and their
the trespass of your brothers and their sin for they did evil to you now please
sin for they did evil to you now please
sin for they did evil to you now please forgive the trespass of the servants of
forgive the trespass of the servants of
forgive the trespass of the servants of the god of your father
the god of your father
the god of your father [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and Joseph wept when they spoke to him
and Joseph wept when they spoke to him
and Joseph wept when they spoke to him [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then his brothers also went and fell
then his brothers also went and fell
then his brothers also went and fell down before his face because we are your
down before his face because we are your
down before his face because we are your servants do not be afraid for am I in
servants do not be afraid for am I in
servants do not be afraid for am I in the place of God but as for you you
the place of God but as for you you
the place of God but as for you you meant evil against me but God meant it
meant evil against me but God meant it
meant evil against me but God meant it for good in order to bring it about as
for good in order to bring it about as
for good in order to bring it about as it is this day to save many people alive
it is this day to save many people alive
it is this day to save many people alive now therefore do not be afraid I will
now therefore do not be afraid I will
now therefore do not be afraid I will provide for you and your little ones and
provide for you and your little ones and
provide for you and your little ones and he comforted them and spoke kindly to
he comforted them and spoke kindly to
he comforted them and spoke kindly to them
them
them so Joseph dwelt in Egypt he and his
so Joseph dwelt in Egypt he and his
so Joseph dwelt in Egypt he and his father's household and Joseph lived one
father's household and Joseph lived one
father's household and Joseph lived one hundred and ten years Joseph saw
hundred and ten years Joseph saw
hundred and ten years Joseph saw efrain's children - the third generation
efrain's children - the third generation
efrain's children - the third generation the children of making of a son of a
the children of making of a son of a
the children of making of a son of a NASA were also brought up on Joseph's
NASA were also brought up on Joseph's
NASA were also brought up on Joseph's needs
needs
needs and Joseph said to his brethren I am
and Joseph said to his brethren I am
and Joseph said to his brethren I am dying but God will surely visit you and
dying but God will surely visit you and
dying but God will surely visit you and bring you out of this land to the land
bring you out of this land to the land
bring you out of this land to the land of which he swore to Abraham to Isaac
of which he swore to Abraham to Isaac
of which he swore to Abraham to Isaac and to Jacob
then Joseph took an oath from the
then Joseph took an oath from the children of Israel God will surely visit
children of Israel God will surely visit
children of Israel God will surely visit you and you shall carry up my bonus from
you and you shall carry up my bonus from
you and you shall carry up my bonus from here so Joseph died being 110 years old
here so Joseph died being 110 years old
here so Joseph died being 110 years old and they embalmed him and he was put in
and they embalmed him and he was put in
and they embalmed him and he was put in a coffin in Egypt
a coffin in Egypt
a coffin in Egypt [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you